hey what's going on guys Superman here
and I'll bring you guys my episode 1 of
black ops 2 Live using the executioner
only I was gonna do this in a session
but I'm not really sure how it's gonna
whoa i have c 4 i'm supposed to have
tactical insertion lass ich war i'm
going to see how this works out as far
as like oh my god stars like views and
stuff like that because of course if
people aren't watching then you know
there's no point you know making the
videos especially with the executioner
they are they are pretty bad man if you
guys have ever tried using them they're
pretty shit but um have them akimbo here
I mean these guns are deadly if you get
up close but other than that they have
absolutely no range and um you know you
have to be extremely close and I saw a
guy here in the corner ah man knows I
should have gone over there I'm supposed
to have see fours I mean not see fours
technical sessions just because I like
no spawning oh I feel and get a quad for
you with these man seriously like I said
if you get them if you uh you know get
them a really up close real close real
close to your you know to your opponent
you get this you could you know get a
kill with if you shoot them at the same
time she's both guns at the same time ah
man but uh playing the chaos mosh pit
just because I feel like these guns are
gonna be so good I'm in small maps maybe
if I get nuketown or something like that
and uh you know hijacked is one of the
best maps for like those quarter stuff
so we'll see what happens here if you
guys didn't know I actually have have
all the attachments for the
executioner's
you know because i was actually liking
this gun when the game first came out I
was um you know using it as a secondary
for my sniper I forgot who was the one
who said that a you know to try out a
Kimbo and I did and I liked it at first
but you know when I rise snipe I want to
have a gun that's reliable as a backup
you know just in case I get a hitmarker
and uh these guns are definitely not it
I mean they're probably they're probably
fun playing it playing them as a primary
is like I'm doing right now I'll tell
you guys if you know I have fun look at
that I just destroyed them oh my god
teammates one fucker couldn't get on it
with me are you kidding me all I needed
was one more person to get on
shit they're pretty funny used actually
I'm not a good time right now but
there's some guy with a death machine is
gonna fuck us up right what I have on
this of us oh my god shit i have two
different classes that I'm going to use
this one has the the akimbo and what
else does it have as ghosts a scavenger
and hardline just in case I mean
hardwired just in case someone's using
them you know UMP grenades and I get a
fucking clip I wouldn't want to lose a
clip while using this gun I mean it's
pretty hard to do but I have that and I
have another class with long bear or oh
my god are you ki lady betty has it
sorry of course of course when do
fucking scrubs that use LMGs they always
have target finders and never fails I
could pretty much call it every time
that I die from a light machine gun that
it has a target finder but um app to
classes I have one with the long barrel
and the fast fast hands I think fast
reload whatever and I'm gonna try that
out next what
nice maggoty might be black bitch
there's a guy up here
oh my god and you see what I mean he got
to be like extremely fucking closer your
opponent to get a kill I feel like I
could ten bulletin am I needed I sorry I
have to you see for I really don't like
using them like this so i'm using her
but i have to with this with these guns
is actually the only way I could get
kills from you know good distance oh no
the death machine death machine is
lethal man i wish i might tackle
insertion actually i think i might stick
with the c-4 especially if I'm playing
on this map benefit me a lot more
because I have fast hands so I can't put
my tack down really quickly but starting
up a new series I'll get it I mean I've
done this with the snipers but I never
done it with you know secondaries only
and stuff like that no I should have
sprayed my guns I mean there's really
huh it's really no point in may be in
that spot right because it's not like if
I have a long-range weapon that I to use
come on kill him teammate killer
fuck oh he put a claim were there nice
nice job buddy
oh shit that idea no come on I couldn't
even see him are you kidding me wow
that's that's a lack compensation for
you guys I didn't see my my screen yet
he killed me I'm I am I on topping
leaderboards I Jane this game a little
bit late come on teammates he's got to
step up she get him teammate what using
be I was just here an announcer Devils
be drunk I was there there was no
enemies around the B flag anymore
reloj who shit damn its see them I can't
do anything right there on that
situation
run what are you kidding me huh a shock
church killed me a kidding me a fucking
shock charge yeah at least we won I
almost got my fucking kill bullet
penetration all right 26 and 23 I mean
it what's in it wasn't that battle
gaming me I started off pretty good but
regardless pretty fun you guys enjoyed
the video please give it a like and I'll
see you guys later